basic theory behind using the needle
threader is pulling the tab the tab
comes down and there is this hook that
will be really difficult to see on
camera but it's there trust me slides
through the eye of the needle and waits
to grab onto the thread so the thread is
going to be coming from this guide
around this guide it's going to sit
under here and at that point the hook
will grab it and pull it through the eye
of the needle so the thread is coming
around this guide under here and then if
I gently let go you can see that the
hook has pulled the thread through the
eye of the needle now you can reach
around the back and you can pull the
thread all the way through now to bring
your thread up your bobbin thread up
you're going to want to lift your
presser foot up if you gently hang on to
the end of the thread
I'm going to turn the handwheel one full
turn towards you and then you can gently
pull and you can see that my bobbin
thread has popped up and now I can bring
them both back through the foot and
we're ready to start sewing
and